Psalm 127 a song of ascents of Solomon
Psalm 127 a song of ascents of Solomon unless the Lord builds the house they
unless the Lord builds the house they
unless the Lord builds the house they labor in vain who build it unless the
labor in vain who build it unless the
labor in vain who build it unless the Lord guards the city the watchman stays
Lord guards the city the watchman stays
Lord guards the city the watchman stays awake in vain it is vain for you to rise
awake in vain it is vain for you to rise
awake in vain it is vain for you to rise up early to sit up late to eat the bread
up early to sit up late to eat the bread
up early to sit up late to eat the bread of Sorrows or so he gives his beloved
of Sorrows or so he gives his beloved
of Sorrows or so he gives his beloved sleep behold children are a heritage
sleep behold children are a heritage
sleep behold children are a heritage from the Lord the fruit of the womb is a
from the Lord the fruit of the womb is a
from the Lord the fruit of the womb is a reward like arrows in the hand of a
reward like arrows in the hand of a
reward like arrows in the hand of a warrior so are the children of one sees
warrior so are the children of one sees
warrior so are the children of one sees happy is the man who has his quiver full
happy is the man who has his quiver full
happy is the man who has his quiver full of them
of them
of them they shall not be ashamed but shall
they shall not be ashamed but shall
they shall not be ashamed but shall speak with their enemies
speak with their enemies
speak with their enemies [Music]